# April Admin Meeting #

1. Officers
  1. President - Jon
  2. Vice President - 
    1. Sasha   ++++     +++
    3. Ryan    ++
    4. Dean    ++++     ++
    5. Mike    +++
  3. Treasurer - 
    2. Brett   ++++
    2. Alex    +++.
    2. Ryan    +++++
  4. Secretary - Newsletter (sending, and blog links), Meeting Minutes, Eval Shtuff
    2. Dean    +++++    +++
    5. Brett   +++++    +
    2. Alex    ++
               +
  5. PR/Sponsorship/Marketing - 
    2. Shane   +++++
  6. WEBMASSTER - 
    2. Alex
  7. Results
      President - Jon
      Vice President - Sasha
      Treasurer - Ryan
      Secretary - Dean
      PR/Sponsorship - Shane
      Webmasster - Alex
      Ninja - Brett, Mike

2. Locations
  1. Woot! Meridian Mark II
    1. Sasha to talk to Infragistics to see if they want to pay for the room.
    2. $50/month
  2. Brett possibly has a lead for a room at Franklin University.
    1.  Allisonville/82nd

3. May Meeting
  1. Topic - RIA Smackdown (Silverlight, Flex, jQuery)
    1. Mike Brown - Silverlight
    2. Alex Conner - Flex
    3. ?? - jQuery
      1. Dave Matthew
      1.1 Matt
  2. Go over goals/spec
  2. 20 minutes apiece for presenting
  2. Focus on technical
  2. Give a few things away between each presenter
  2. It's Our Birthday!
  3. Location - Meridian Mark II
  4. Jon to send a copy of the RIA spec to Mike, Alex, ?? by the beginning of next week.
  5. Raffleboard

4. June Meeting
  1. Project Based TDD Dojo/Tutorial
    1. Several of us will create tutorials with the following components:
      1. Mostly empty skeleton solution
      2. Finished solution
      3. Step by step guide
      4. Project Documentation (requirements, goals, pre-reqs, etc.)
    2. A couple of us to create TDD Primers (Java, .NET, etc.) explaining what tools to use and links to "Getting Started" blogs and tutorials.
  2. Make sure we start with a quick intro or something to make sure everyone is on the same page.
  2. Backup topic.
    1. Jon - MongoDB
    2. Brian - Practice, mentorship, etc.
  3. Location - Meridian Mark II
  2. By the end of next week, commitments from several people on doing their pieces. Henceforth known as The Dojo Committee.
    1. Ryan - Sensei
    2. !Shane
    3. Dean
    4. ~|!!!~!(!!!%Jon)|
    5. Alex
    6. !!!Sasha

5. Future Topic Ideas
  1. MongoDB (NoSQL)
  2. HTML5
  3. Design Patterns
  4. AOP (weaving, etc.)
  5. Deliberate Practice (Brian Ball)
  6. Software Craftsmanship (Brian Ball)
  7. Mentoring vs. Self-Taught (Brian Ball)
  8. DSL's (Brian Ball)
  9. Fluent Interfaces
  10. Phil Japikse - Agile Project Management (Dean to ask)
  11. Dave Grigsby - ? (Dean to ask)

6. Evals
  1. What did you think?
    1. Keep doing them for now... we'll give it a shot.
  2. Should we continue?

7. Incorporation (again)
  1. Mike really wants us to incorporate and will give us $$ to do so.
     1. $$ costs:
        1. $400 insurance/yr
        2. $40/month for a person in a room
        3. ?? $$ for taxes, accounting work, etc.
        4. conclusion: over $1k/yr
     2. Time investments of this may be very significant, especially when starting it up.
     3. Benefits of doing this
        1. Mike says he'll give us up to $500/month.
        2. Other sponsors may get perks for sponsoring us.
        3. Other random freebies.
  2. Before we can do this, we need ideas for funding these $1k+/yr cost

8. Recording the Meetings
  1. We still want to do this...
  2. Shane, do you have camtasia PC?
    3. Jon to look at INETA stuff if/when Shane drops the ball.
  3. Dean, do you have camtasia mac?
  4. Alex will be glad to do editing for us.

9. Missing anything?

10. Random Stuff
  1. Google calendar with the stuff that needs done:
    1. It's called  "Indy Alt.Net Tasks", xml feed is here: 
      http://www.google.com/calendar/feeds/f9bp25fmqit834teo3joarlj38%40group.calendar.google.com/public/basic
    2. I sent you all an invite except for Mike... Mike, what is your gmail address?
  2. Other stuff on github.com/indyaltnet
    1. If you want to be a contributor to any of those repositories, just let me know, I'll add you in.
    2. This document is in the meeting-notes repository.
  3. Google Documents
    1. I shared a folder of google documents with you guys in case anyone needs any of the document type stuff we have that isn't in the github repo.
