# June Admin Meeting #

Old Business
----------------------

1. Locations
  1. Sasha, do we have an update from Infragistics? No.  Sasha/Shane will send a confused email.
  2. Looks like Franklin is a go, as soon as we get money commitment from Infragistics.

2. July Meeting
  1. Brian is doing his Deliberate Practice talk.

3. Incorporation (again)
  1. Dean will ask his father-in-law about doing our taxes... if we want to incorporate.
  2. The guys in the open spaces session say it's easy and we should do it.
  3. Mike, Ryan will look into what this will really cost us.  We'll expect real numbers here for next meeting. And all the stuff we might need to do to make this happen.

4. Recording the Meetings
  1. We still want to do this... this month will be an excellent opportunity to do it.
  2. Shane, do you have camtasia PC? Jon to dig around on ineta website to find a copy of camtasia.
  3. Dean, do you have camtasia mac (Jeff McWherter)?
  4. Alex will be glad to do editing for us.

5. Programmer Puzzles
  1. Ask, see if people want them or not.
  2. What do you think Dean?
    1. If these could be distributed before the meeting (like before people get there), that might prove more useful.
    2. Get them to Jon a month ahead of time if you want them to happen.

New Business
----------------------

1. August Meeting
  1. Dennis Burton - MongoDB? (JCF: I suggest we nix this since he did this talk at IndyNDA)
  2. Nix Dennis, use my talk, maybe add some couch goodness (Jon to talk to Brett and Matt and Shawn about Couch, maybe one of the Ruby guys)

2. September Meeting
  1. Fishbowl?
    3. Change
    5. Roles Fishbowl (again)
    6. Low-level/Hardware Platform concerns and Profiling (CPU/IO/Memory/Network) - Fishbowl+Pres
    1. Be thinking about it!

3. October Meeting
???  Lean/Kanban - Tim Wingfield/Chris Shinkle

4. November Meeting
???  Lean/Kanban - Tim Wingfield/Chris Shinkle
Fluent Interfaces - moq, nunit, ioc, + DSL

5. December Meeting
Fluent Interfaces - moq, nunit, ioc, + DSL

6. Growing Speakers
  1. Lightning talks - Ryan will be the lightning talk prod person, ryan will also do one on something by prodding himself.  Jon will follow up with Ryan.
  2. Pair-Presenting
  3. Opening Discussion
  4. Mention this stuff in the pre-meeting slides.  Jon will put the lightning talk thing in the opening slide

7. Jon to talk to Kelly about hosting altnet videos

8. Jon will send email to the group asking about givecamp involvement... tomorrow morning, egging officers to talk about it to their friends.

9. Sasha - to add Ryan, Dean, and Brett to be able to edit the indyalt.net meetings

Lightning Talk Queue
---------------------------------
Kanban - Shane

Future Topic Idea Bucket
---------------------------------
HTML5
Color Modeling
Design Patterns
AOP (weaving, etc.) + Dynamic Proxy
Software Craftsmanship (Brian Ball)
Mentoring vs. Self-Taught (Brian Ball)
DSL's (Brian Ball)
Fluent Interfaces
Dave Grigsby - ? (Dean to ask)
Low-level/Hardware Platform concerns and Profiling (CPU/IO/Memory/Network)
Node.js
